## Stromma Android App Privacy Policy

Christian Rowlands built the Stromma app. This App is provided by Christian Rowlands at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the App.

If you choose to use the app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is
used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

No user data is collected by me, the developer of the Stromma app. There are no central Stromma servers that the app can connect to in order to upload
data. The Stromma app is used to connect to and stream video to your own video server. No default or built in video server comes with the app. Therefore,
only the server you connect to can recieve data from the Stromm app.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Links to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics)
*   [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/)

If you installed this app from the Google Play store then Firebase Crashlytics and Analytics information is stored in Google Firebase. This data is anonymous
but data related to app crashes and general app usage is set to Google Firebase to improve the stability and functionality of this app. This data is not sold
or provided to any other 3rd party entities by Christian Rowlands or anyone working on the Stromma Android project.


**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will 
notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at craxiomdev@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
